Steve Strickland from burly design
showing off the new Travoy commute and
grocery-getter style trailer easy cook
hookup to your bike single hand
detachment it twists right here so that
you can take it into the shopping mall
with you go to the grocery store what
have you bags that you can fill with
your your wares it comes off with these
swivel locks very simple and easy one of
the things that we've heard about for
years is the fact that when you go and
try and shop with a bag and with a
trailer nothing secures your valuables
after you're done so by virtue of this
you have the ability to take it in with
you use it as your shopping cart when
you get to home and you take your
groceries off of it very simple easy
disconnect for the bags
fold it up push-button wheels come out
bottom folds and now it goes in a coat
closet and you can reverse the process
in the morning right back out open it up
throw in your commute clothes to get to
work make a stop by the grocery store
and video store pick up your dry
cleaning
go to the library hook it right back up
to your bike well one of the great
things about this is it's so simple and
it's one hand disconnect here a twist of
the grip here and now you have your
shopping cart and you go into the
grocery store fill it up with your
groceries come back out and it hooks up
so simply and easily and what we've
noticed from people using it is it it's
so intuitive and so simple compared to
most bike products that it's getting a
good following with people easy to go
and one of the things that we always
talk about with commuting is what do you
do with your valuables and how do you
secure your valuables after you've made
your first stop you put groceries in
here and now you want to stop at the
video store you want to go out to dinner
with some friends well if I'm going to
go to dinner now I disconnect it from my
bike I do a simple fold in the middle
here I carry it in with me it's a large
attache case but when I set it down next
to the table it's not obstructing
anybody's view it's out of the way it's
easy to have there and you have your
groceries or whatever you get got right
in the bags when you go back out to your
bike it's again very simple to stuff
hook it right back up and so we're
finding people are very very much
adopting it for the multimodal runs it
to the store makes it easy to get to
work and back with your clothes your
shoes or whatever and then one of the
markets that we've kind of hit on that
we didn't really realize was the
triathlete market people that want to go
to the gym but want to bring their
swimming stuff bring their running stuff
so they can do all three events well now
they could put their running stuff and
their swimming stuff you saw it folded
down they could stuff it in the locker
and they could go do their workouts
we took this product over to a euro bike
show with us last year we're the only
American company to come home with the
Euro bike award and they had 565
submissions in only 12 companies got
awarded one and we were the only
American company to come home with the
gold medal award for this design the
baby boomer set has really been adopting
it the people that want to leave the SUV
parked in the garage go down to the
Saturday market go run and grab some
groceries and what have you
everybody's got a bike so it's pretty
universal it hooks up to just about
every seat post that's out there very
simply and easily 60 pound capacity the
trailer itself weighs under 10 pounds
and so it's really maneuverable and easy
for just about anybody to use it
you